JAVA

Basic syntax: 
case sensitivity: java is case sensitive 
class name: first letter upper case, each inner word's first letter is upper case (MyFirstJavaClass)
method name: first letter lower case, each inner word's first letter is upper case (myMethodName())
program file name: Name of the program file should exactly match the class name if it's a public class. 
public static void main(String args[]): Java program processing starts from the main() method which is a mandatory part of every Java program.

Java Identifiers:
All Java components require names. Names used for classes, variables, and methods are called identifiers.
In Java, there are several points to remember about identifiers. They are as follows −
All identifiers should begin with a letter (A to Z or a to z), currency character ($) or an underscore (_).
After the first character, identifiers can have any combination of characters.
A key word cannot be used as an identifier.
Most importantly, identifiers are case sensitive.
Examples of legal identifiers: age, $salary, _value, __1_value.
Examples of illegal identifiers: 123abc, -salary.

Java Modifiers
Like other languages, it is possible to modify classes, methods, etc., by using modifiers. There are two categories of modifiers −
Access Modifiers − default, public , protected, private
Non-access Modifiers − final, abstract, strictfp
We will be looking into more details about modifiers in the next section.

Java Variables
Following are the types of variables in Java −
Local Variables
Class Variables (Static Variables)
Instance Variables (Non-static Variables)


Source File Declaration Rules:
1. There can be only one public class per source file.
2. A source file can have multiple non-public classes.
3. The public class name should be the name of the source file as well which should be appended by .java at the end. For     	 example: the class name is public class Employee{} then the source file should be as Employee.java.
4. If the class is defined inside a package, then the package statement should be the first statement in the source file.
5. If import statements are present, then they must be written between the package statement and the class declaration. If there are no package statements, then the import statement should be the first line in the source file.
6. Import and package statements will imply to all the classes present in the source file. It is not possible to declare different import and/or package statements to different classes in the source file.




































